Documentation for New Webhooks Integration API (#7004)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/api/integrations_webhook/custom_variables_get.md

---
title: Get a Custom Variable for Webhooks Integration
type: apicontent
order: 21.5
external_redirect: /api/#get-a-custom-variable-for-webhooks
---

## Get a Custom Variable for Webhooks Integration

> Gets the content of the custom variable with the name `<CUSTOM_VARIABLE_NAME>`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Shows the content of the custom variable with the name `<CUSTOM_VARIABLE_NAME>`.
```

> If the custom variable is secret, will return `null` for the `<CUSTOM_VARIABLE_VALUE>` in the response payload.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the custom variable is secret, returns `null` for the `<CUSTOM_VARIABLE_VALUE>` in the response payload.
```
